Update GitLab and Gitlab-v2 integration slugs (#2193)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/gitlab/gitlab.md

Port's GitLab integration allows you to model GitLab resources in your software catalog and ingest data into them.

:::warning Deprecation Notice

> This app will be deprecated in the future and support for the app will be discontinued soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration will be deprecated in the future and support for it will be discontinued soon.
```
